https://goo.gl/m8b49a`Homer's Night Out
https://goo.gl/y1C8jV`Krusty Gets Busted
https://goo.gl/kS5M1X`The Call of the Simpsons
https://goo.gl/PJia6c`Life on the Fast Lane
https://goo.gl/2C662y`The Crepes of Wrath
https://goo.gl/j1Xkda`Some Enchanted Evening
https://goo.gl/ThW81L`Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire
https://goo.gl/vwk6Bq`Bart the Genius
https://goo.gl/KsTu2X`There's No Disgrace Like Home
https://goo.gl/YWTnV3`Moaning Lisa
https://goo.gl/gqnmUr`The Telltale Head
https://goo.gl/LDANPZ`Bart the General
https://goo.gl/rCscYz`Homer's Odyssey
https://goo.gl/N9Xmr9`Bart Gets an "F"
https://goo.gl/nKgz1X`Two Cars in Every Garage and Three Eyes on Every Fish
https://goo.gl/WaTrgB`Dead Putting Society
https://goo.gl/pQ463d`Bart the Daredevil
https://goo.gl/bSzq7q`Bart Gets Hit by a Car
https://goo.gl/JFdzFm`Homer vs. Lisa and the 8th Commandment
https://goo.gl/3zh9AW`Oh Brother, Where Art Thou?
https://goo.gl/AnWCFA`Old Money
https://goo.gl/PJGgYY`Lisa's Substitute
https://goo.gl/PSTpPq`Blood Feud
https://goo.gl/2TA9Wj`One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish
https://goo.gl/oLtUHh`Simpson and Delilah
https://goo.gl/ffxKEC`Treehouse of Horror
https://goo.gl/N5vo8t`Dancin' Homer
https://goo.gl/yCLs21`Bart vs. Thanksgiving
https://goo.gl/EyDBz9`Itchy & Scratchy & Marge
https://goo.gl/NWznUA`The Way We Was
https://goo.gl/QwkaUN`Principal Charming
https://goo.gl/NmPUyt`Bart's Dog Gets an "F"
https://goo.gl/GMxLwG`The War of the Simpsons
https://goo.gl/Xwcxcx`Three Men and a Comic Book
https://goo.gl/1i97Su`Brush with Greatness
https://goo.gl/cH3Y5Z`Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington
https://goo.gl/gfCT9U`Bart the Murderer
https://goo.gl/pEKcgJ`Like Father, Like Clown
https://goo.gl/Dzw7PX`Saturdays of Thunder
https://goo.gl/YarFTm`Burns Verkaufen der Kraftwerk
https://goo.gl/6BtspN`Radio Bart
https://goo.gl/g7gpgL`Bart the Lover
https://goo.gl/hP1J3w`Separate Vocations
https://goo.gl/gjgsbY`Colonel Homer
https://goo.gl/s8M63D`Bart's Friend Falls in Love
https://goo.gl/45me31`Stark Raving Dad
https://goo.gl/KfCgea`When Flanders Failed
https://goo.gl/GPt9bM`Homer Defined
https://goo.gl/Ty7yRb`Dog of Death
https://goo.gl/sczSFb`Treehouse of Horror II
https://goo.gl/dtGZ7i`Lisa's Pony
https://goo.gl/1Jx6Rb`I Married Marge
https://goo.gl/oJrtF1`Lisa the Greek
https://goo.gl/yFxphf`The Otto Show
https://goo.gl/nfeh11`Homer Alone
https://goo.gl/UbSsd7`Homer at the Bat
https://goo.gl/aLttJn`Black Widower
https://goo.gl/MnF0tE`Flaming Moe's
https://goo.gl/DwhMGx`Brother, Can You Spare Two Dimes?
https://goo.gl/yC8s9G`Kamp Krusty
https://goo.gl/9hnt9j`Itchy & Scratchy: The Movie
https://goo.gl/2865gH`Lisa's First Word
https://goo.gl/wTJ4ep`Selma's Choice
https://goo.gl/YJVp8G`Marge in Chains
https://goo.gl/QyBMZP`New Kid on the Block
https://goo.gl/H3A63L`Homer's Triple Bypass
https://goo.gl/HcKTFY`Duffless
https://goo.gl/HQ2gDY`So It's Come to This: A Simpsons Clip Show
https://goo.gl/sf98Uh`The Front
https://goo.gl/rVzGjX`Brother from the Same Planet
https://goo.gl/AjGtvY`Marge vs. the Monorail
https://goo.gl/ub6DJd`I Love Lisa
https://goo.gl/vBtWz5`Marge Gets a Job
https://goo.gl/bsZbih`Last Exit to Springfield
https://goo.gl/qAQfnM`Whacking Day
https://goo.gl/GSHvq9`Lisa the Beauty Queen
https://goo.gl/PRfvrS`Krusty Gets Kancelled
https://goo.gl/ow3BTh`A Streetcar Named Marge
https://goo.gl/gj1TZZ`Treehouse of Horror III
https://goo.gl/bC8Wz9`Mr. Plow
https://goo.gl/cqxbN3`Homer the Heretic
https://goo.gl/D2tq2w`Homer's Barbershop Quartet
https://goo.gl/um3WKG`Homer Goes to College
https://goo.gl/KFtTpq`Marge on the Lam
https://goo.gl/ZgC4bP`Boy-Scoutz 'n the Hood
https://goo.gl/7gQjVX`Homer the Vigilante
https://goo.gl/c2q2BM`Bart Gets Famous
https://goo.gl/dAThKt`Lisa vs. Malibu Stacy
https://goo.gl/i19MgG`Bart Gets an Elephant
https://goo.gl/qeeEmX`Lady Bouvier's Lover
https://goo.gl/7xSD6X`$pringfield (or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Legalized Gambling)
https://goo.gl/WEnF3w`Treehouse of Horror IV
https://goo.gl/UmYoqL`The Last Temptation of Homer
https://goo.gl/qqzjpU`Rosebud
https://goo.gl/q97STz`Homer and Apu
https://goo.gl/SpiHtj`Homer Loves Flanders
https://goo.gl/xGCDXR`Burns' Heir
https://goo.gl/jAahqK`Secrets of a Successful Marriage
https://goo.gl/hPsbDB`Cape Feare
https://goo.gl/3JvKNi`Bart's Inner Child
https://goo.gl/YofaUF`Deep Space Homer
https://goo.gl/pn8UUj`Sweet Seymour Skinner's Baadasssss Song
https://goo.gl/j1NNM6`The Boy Who Knew Too Much
https://goo.gl/eJGnpB`Bart of Darkness
https://goo.gl/rjZBW6`Itchy & Scratchy Land
https://goo.gl/yRB4RP`Lisa on Ice
https://goo.gl/KjmYPt`Fear of Flying
https://goo.gl/DE3CAv`And Maggie Makes Three
https://goo.gl/vedzeH`Homie the Clown
https://goo.gl/pffUPJ`Homer vs. Patty and Selma
https://goo.gl/Rmtve3`Two Dozen and One Greyhounds
https://goo.gl/iAMUy5`'Round Springfield
https://goo.gl/hmoKyv`Lemon of Troy
https://goo.gl/mDsSRU`Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy
https://goo.gl/NBtFxM`Bart's Comet
https://goo.gl/nbS2sR`Bart vs. Australia
https://goo.gl/9eGM7e`Lisa's Rival
https://goo.gl/pWyJEN`A Star Is Burns
https://goo.gl/tH7tDJ`Lisa's Wedding
https://goo.gl/Fwzf6m`Another Simpsons Clip Show
https://goo.gl/VhAv79`The PTA Disbands
https://goo.gl/wQ9189`Sideshow Bob Roberts
https://goo.gl/7nqwHj`Bart's Girlfriend
https://goo.gl/eNHV8j`The Springfield Connection
https://goo.gl/iysHcN`Homer Badman
https://goo.gl/PPfWGB`Homer the Great
https://goo.gl/oQ7qBY`Treehouse of Horror V
https://goo.gl/N9pZwb`Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part One)
https://goo.gl/tLENGR`Radioactive Man
https://goo.gl/qk6XYc`Bart Sells His Soul
https://goo.gl/yr1jFP`Treehouse of Horror VI
https://goo.gl/AhW64h`Marge Be Not Proud
https://goo.gl/vF5AwB`Team Homer
https://goo.gl/E4JRF4`Bart the Fink
https://goo.gl/rGsfZn`22 Short Films About Springfield
https://goo.gl/cKEDHd`Much Apu About Nothing
https://goo.gl/5mZceF`Summer of 4 Ft. 2
https://goo.gl/Hu62Je`Sideshow Bob's Last Gleaming
https://goo.gl/NAiC53`A Fish Called Selma
https://goo.gl/wjJHpR`Home Sweet Homediddly-Dum-Doodily
https://goo.gl/jJNTnL`Scenes from the Class Struggle in Springfield
https://goo.gl/R9oxDj`King-Size Homer
https://goo.gl/yL29MM`Lisa the Vegetarian
https://goo.gl/pYB43g`Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part Two)
https://goo.gl/BWNKoJ`Homer the Smithers
https://goo.gl/At4w6m`The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular
https://goo.gl/hdfTBP`Two Bad Neighbors
https://goo.gl/mWuyKT`Lisa the Iconoclast
https://goo.gl/WBX8ED`Mother Simpson
https://goo.gl/5VAKsc`Raging Abe Simpson and His Grumbling Grandson in "The Curse of the Flying Hellfish"
https://goo.gl/WPf31M`Homerpalooza
https://goo.gl/A5n4Py`The Day the Violence Died
https://goo.gl/frrcXj`Bart on the Road
https://goo.gl/JLehZP`Burns, Baby Burns
https://goo.gl/91gtAs`Lisa's Date with Density
https://goo.gl/Z27SZX`The Springfield Files
https://goo.gl/pcBULw`The Twisted World of Marge Simpson
https://goo.gl/pSQpqf`The Itchy & Scratchy & Poochie Show
https://goo.gl/9AD4Zi`Homer's Phobia
https://goo.gl/J5fkqf`Homer vs. the Eighteenth Amendment
https://goo.gl/GV17K7`The Canine Mutiny
https://goo.gl/kwPFjn`In Marge We Trust
https://goo.gl/gr2xJT`The Secret War of Lisa Simpson
https://goo.gl/sjgzPh`Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed Grunt)cious
https://goo.gl/8YsRdr`Treehouse of Horror VII
https://goo.gl/AGuRfu`Brother from Another Series
https://goo.gl/2ft2Ko`The Homer They Fall
https://goo.gl/Bm97ng`Bart After Dark
https://goo.gl/fqFEKT`The Old Man and the Lisa
https://goo.gl/qkdvyT`A Milhouse Divided
https://goo.gl/WK9m3b`My Sister, My Sitter
https://goo.gl/xFrj1z`Grade School Confidential
https://goo.gl/kXsVmc`Hurricane Neddy
https://goo.gl/u8xN9w`The Simpsons Spin-Off Showcase
https://goo.gl/xCoKTH`Mountain of Madness
https://goo.gl/5vNsyg`You Only Move Twice
https://goo.gl/kGVPGT`El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)
https://goo.gl/9nHGja`Homer's Enemy
https://goo.gl/t7XuTB`The Principal and the Pauper
https://goo.gl/naJ3Vz`Bart Star
https://goo.gl/eqVSd5`Lisa the Skeptic
https://goo.gl/o8fzLy`All Singing, All Dancing
https://goo.gl/CyPZ5n`The Joy of Sect
https://goo.gl/LNsMFr`This Little Wiggy
https://goo.gl/BNW7N8`The Trouble with Trillions
https://goo.gl/Hj5fgE`Trash of the Titans
https://goo.gl/gyGpg4`Natural Born Kissers
https://goo.gl/d6yRpL`Lisa's Sax
https://goo.gl/qaWLzH`Lost Our Lisa
https://goo.gl/5E4JcM`Girly Edition
https://goo.gl/7gNd66`Realty Bites
https://goo.gl/y4VjKH`The Last Temptation of Krust
https://goo.gl/X48HPa`The Cartridge Family
https://goo.gl/TtmXbu`Simpson Tide
https://goo.gl/kakGoj`The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson
https://goo.gl/zBNosx`Miracle on Evergreen Terrace
https://goo.gl/oUsCQM`King of the Hill
https://goo.gl/d1eKNK`Das Bus
https://goo.gl/ZMcny5`Bart Carny
https://goo.gl/oPQZi7`Lisa the Simpson
https://goo.gl/RD4qui`Dumbbell Indemnity
https://goo.gl/N5XizV`Treehouse of Horror VIII
https://goo.gl/auVpzf`The Two Mrs. Nahasapeemapetilons
https://goo.gl/Xj6rh4`The Wizard of Evergreen Terrace
https://goo.gl/kdmZK5`Treehouse of Horror IX
https://goo.gl/ynuoMg`Mayored to the Mob
https://goo.gl/xEZtzL`Wild Barts Can't Be Broken
https://goo.gl/5CUneL`Make Room for Lisa
https://goo.gl/UorXYe`Mom and Pop Art
https://goo.gl/dxskjQ`Monty Can't Buy Me Love
https://goo.gl/Vdt3p1`Thirty Minutes over Tokyo
https://goo.gl/spSDMZ`Lard of the Dance
https://goo.gl/7G8MVk`When You Dish Upon a Star
https://goo.gl/PbHZmr`Lisa Gets an "A"
https://goo.gl/sYh2pT`Homer Simpson in: "Kidney Trouble"
https://goo.gl/EC6Fjn`Sunday, Cruddy Sunday
https://goo.gl/boSQio`Maximum Homerdrive
https://goo.gl/K41K4p`Simpsons Bible Stories
https://goo.gl/vJUnLH`Viva Ned Flanders
https://goo.gl/xLZgwY`The Old Man and the "C" Student
https://goo.gl/heTpb3`They Saved Lisa's Brain
https://goo.gl/A2Tvwe`Homer to the Max
https://goo.gl/fKFqNp`Bart the Mother
https://goo.gl/TnBXSy`I'm with Cupid
https://goo.gl/dmUjYa`Marge Simpson in: "Screaming Yellow Honkers"
https://goo.gl/1hFV9B`D'oh-in' in the Wind
https://goo.gl/NUq9z9`Guess Who's Coming to Criticize Dinner?
https://goo.gl/AkRrvo`E-I-E-I-(Annoyed Grunt)
https://goo.gl/gsY6Bs`Eight Misbehavin'
https://goo.gl/V9131J`The Mansion Family
https://goo.gl/Hd5BW9`Alone Again, Natura-diddily
https://goo.gl/q3Ukxg`Pygmoelian
https://goo.gl/1nD615`Kill the Alligator and Run
https://goo.gl/AJkPnF`It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad Marge
https://goo.gl/kfNuSS`Hello Gutter, Hello Fadder
https://goo.gl/MRJgk8`Treehouse of Horror X
https://goo.gl/NvAZ4Y`Last Tap Dance in Springfield
https://goo.gl/Kw7VNK`Brother's Little Helper
https://goo.gl/dc3yY4`Bart to the Future
https://goo.gl/wS38DF`Beyond Blunderdome
https://goo.gl/UdCR4L`Take My Wife, Sleaze
https://goo.gl/NZxAQ8`Little Big Mom
https://goo.gl/ESe7MT`Faith Off
https://goo.gl/sk7Prz`Saddlesore Galactica
https://goo.gl/Mn9mCz`Behind the Laughter
https://goo.gl/pU15wX`Missionary: Impossible
https://goo.gl/FvicKr`Days of Wine and D'oh'ses
https://goo.gl/kAjYhd`Grift of the Magi
https://goo.gl/dcUYu8`Treehouse of Horror XI
https://goo.gl/DN4onK`Insane Clown Poppy
https://goo.gl/jkqdSd`The Computer Wore Menace Shoes
https://goo.gl/VUeT44`Pokey Mom
https://goo.gl/yS91Qp`Day of the Jackanapes
https://goo.gl/qmkuKV`Hungry, Hungry Homer
https://goo.gl/Py2Tr2`Simpson Safari
https://goo.gl/NyJRAB`Children of a Lesser Clod
https://goo.gl/EchxD1`Lisa the Tree Hugger
https://goo.gl/YxTb8t`Tennis the Menace
https://goo.gl/1xE3aJ`Worst Episode Ever
https://goo.gl/xwy1n6`The Great Money Caper
https://goo.gl/gNzQSc`Bye, Bye, Nerdie
https://goo.gl/H3dfii`I'm Goin' to Praiseland
https://goo.gl/1BVNEU`Simpsons Tall Tales
https://goo.gl/XhGsfA`Skinner's Sense of Snow
https://goo.gl/WEcwxn`HOMR
https://goo.gl/K3So42`Trilogy of Error
https://goo.gl/8eNzyU`A Tale of Two Springfields
https://goo.gl/HRysbR`Homer vs. Dignity
https://goo.gl/XJTiuk`New Kids on the Blecch

